To Do:
    - /admin/login navbar, bg change to black
    - fix position of error message in admin/login
    - add cursor-pointer to buttons
    - Mobile Navbar is shown in Admin UI tablet
    DONE - Add Profile
    - Import photos to grab from supabase
    DONE - Display table on /testService
    DONE - Fix is_active_bool in /testService
    DONE - Fix browserclient and serverclient for supabase
    - Make customized styling for buttons
    
    Other Services:
        DONE - edit modal need  is_active and order field 
        DONE - delete button to delete row in others services
        DONE - Change add service to plus icon
        - Fix UI
        DONE - Add Toast to UI
        DONE - Change modal placeholder
        DONE - add cursor pointer to all buttons
        DONE - Change "Edit" to gray in modal
        DONE - Change font of title
        DONE - Change Plus sign in + ADD VEHICLE OPTION
        DONE - Change X to react icon
        DONE - Add toast for successfully deleting file
        DONE - Add toast for successfully adding, editing file
    
    Services:
        DONE - create modal has unlimited height 
        - Fix UI
        DONE - Add Toast to UI
        - Dynamic Modal for services page
        - Scheduler for appointments
        - Assign button styling
    
    Main Dashboard:
        DONE - Display name on main page
        DONE - Add Profile to Navbar
    
    Appointment:
        - Make contact number look like this format (123) 1234-0021
        - But store it as 1234123111
        - If status column empty, put scheduled as default


1. The Admin Sidebar (Left Side)
Since it’s a vertical strip, group your items by "Task" to make it intuitive.
Top (Branding):
Your Logo or "ADMIN PANEL" in font-lexend.
A "Back to Site" button with a small arrow icon.
Middle (Core Navigation):
Dashboard: (Home icon) Overview and stats.
Main Services: (List icon) Links to your ServicesTable.
Other Services: (Grid icon) Links to your OtherServicesTable.
Detailing: (Sparkle icon) Links to your DetailingServices table.
Bottom (Account/System):
Settings: For site-wide changes (phone number, hours).
Logout Button: (Power icon) Styled in red-400 or zinc-500.

2. The Admin Dashboard (Main Content)
Since you are using a sidebar, the main content area will be wide. Use that space for "Big Picture" Cards:
Row 1: Summary Cards (Small Boxes)
Live Services: "12 Active"
Drafts/Hidden: "3 Hidden" (Helps you remember what’s not public yet).
Last Update: Displays the timestamp of your last database change.
Row 2: Quick Management (Two Columns)
Left Column: A "Recently Modified" list showing the last 5 services you edited.
Right Column: "Quick Toggles" to turn categories on or off without opening a modal.
Row 3: Status Check
A simple "Database Status" indicator to ensure Supabase is responding correctly.



Find Out:
1. const router = useRouter();
   const isEdit = !!service;
         - !! is double negation to convert any value to a boolean.